TO IT.
>> Reporter: POLLS HAVE BEEN
(OUR.
PRIMARY VOTING UNDERWAY HERE.
STUART: I WOULD LOVE TO HAVE
KNOWN OF YOUR GUEST SUPPORTS
THE GAS TAX REPEAL.
THANKS VERY MUCH, GOOD STUFF,
RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF IT.
DONALD TRUMP TWEETING IN HIGH
TAX HIGH CRIME CALIFORNIA BE
SURE TO GET OUT AND VOTE FOR
REPUBLICAN JOHN COX FOR
GOVERNOR.
HE WILL MAKE A BIG DIFFERENCE.
HERE IS JOHN COX.
GOOD TO SEE YOU.
>> GREAT TO BE WITH YOU.
ELECTION DAY, EXCITED.
STUART: I'M SURE YOU ARE
GETTING NO SLEEP BUT ANSWER
THIS QUESTION.
IF YOU MAKE IT THROUGH TO THE
BIG CONTEST IN NOVEMBER WHEN
YOU FACE GAVIN NEWSOM, WHAT ARE
YOU GOING AFTER HIM ON?
HIS POLICIES OR HIS PAST?
>> I'M GOING AFTER POLICY ALL
IF YOU LOOK IN THE DICTIONARY
UNDER THE WORD BAY AREA ELITIST
YOU SEE GAVIN NEWSOM'S PICTURE.
HE IS THE DEFINITION OF A GUY
PUTTING BUSINESS BY A
BILLIONAIRE AND ALREADY
PROMISED US HE IS GOING TO
RAISE OUR INCOME TAX, DOUBLE
THE INCOME TAX, RAISE PROPERTY
TAXES, FIGHT TO REPEAL THE GAS
TAX, I AM THE LEADER OF THE GAS
TAX REPEAL, WE FILED ALMOST 1
MILLION SIGNATURES TO GET RID
OF THIS TAX.
GASOLINE IN THIS STATE IS OVER
$4 A GALLON AND IT IS DRIVING
WORKING PEOPLE INTO POVERTY.
WE ARE GOING TO REPEAL IT, GET
THIS STATE AFFORDABLE AGAIN AND
WIN THIS RACE
WIN THIS RACE IN NOVEMBER.
STUART: SUPPOSE YOU ARE IN THE
TOP TWO.
WHAT HAPPENS TO TRAVIS ALLEN
SUPPORTERS?
HE IS ANOTHER REPUBLICAN,
FURTHER DOWN IN THE POLLS.
CAN YOU GET TRAVIS ALLEN
SUPPORTERS INTO YOUR CAMP IF
YOU ARE IN THE TOP TWO IN
NOVEMBER?
>> I'M A SOLID CONSERVATIVE.
THE PRES. HAS ENDORSED ME.
HE HAS ISSUED HIS THIRD TWEET.
HE KNOWS I AM A BUSINESSMAN WHO
TRIES TO GET RESULTS AND I'M
GOING TO GET RESULTS FOR
CALIFORNIA.
I THINK MR. ALLEN'S SUPPORTERS
ALL WANT A BETTER CALIFORNIA.
I AM GOING TO REACH OUT TO
THEIR SUPPORTERS AND MODERATE
DEMOCRATS AND INDEPENDENTS WHO
CAN'T AFFORD A HOUSE, CAN'T
AFFORD GASOLINE.
STUART: THAT MIGHT BE A
PROBLEM, YOU REACHING OUT TO
ANY DEMOCRATS, YOU ARE KNOWN OF
HAVING THE SUPPORT OF DONALD
TRUMP.
THAT IS NOT GOING TO GO DOWN
WELL WITH ANY DEMOCRATS.
>> I THINK IT WILL BECAUSE OF
THE FACT THE LIBERAL DEMOCRATS,
THE CRONIES WHO ARE SELLING
THIS STATE TO THE SPECIAL
INTERESTS, GAVIN NEWSOM IS A
WALKING TALKING
SPECIAL-INTEREST.
WHY ARE THERE 3 SOLID
DEMOCRATIC OPPONENTS?
THEY KNOW GAVIN NEWSOM WILL
TAKE THIS STATE OVER THE
LIBERAL CLIFF HOLDING HANDS
WITH BERNIE SANDERS.
THIS IS NOT GOING TO WORK FOR
CALIFORNIA.
WORKING CALIFORNIANS HAVE BEEN
BEATEN INTO POVERTY BY THIS
DEMOCRAT MAJORITY, RUINED THE
SCHOOLS, ROADS ARE HORRIBLE, WE
NEED TO TAKE BACK THE STATE.
WE WILL.
POLICY, REPEAL THE GAS TAX, CUT
AND ELIMINATE THE WASTE AND
CORRUPTION AND MISMANAGEMENT OF
THE STATE.
THERE'S A BIG DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN ME AND MY REPUBLICAN
OPPONENT.
I HAVE BEEN IN BUSINESS 40
YEARS, MEET PAYROLLS, BUDGETS,
I NEED TO HIRE AND FIRE
EMPLOYEES AND HOLD THEM
ACCOUNTABLE, MY OPPONENTS ONLY
HAD A COUPLE EMPLOYEES.
IT IS IMPORTANT TO HAVE THAT
EXPERIENCE OF RUNNING THE
LARGEST ECONOMY IN THE COUNTRY
AND THE FIFTH LARGEST ECONOMY
IN THE WORLD.
STUART: THE POLLS ARE OPEN AND